last year we celebrated the first idy
here in Juba at this very venue even
though the designated date for
celebration is the 21st of June this
year we chose a Saturday being a closed
holiday so as to afford the opportunity
for many more of you from the working
fraternity to participate and join us
here yoga has been an ancient practice
that origin originated in India it is a
collective gift to humanity with its
focus on harmonizing mind and body
connecting humans with humans and humans
with nature today the culture of yoga
has become an international phenomena
the biggest mass movement in the world
gaining the popularity with each passing
day with Millions practicing
it the indan culture is very rich which
other people can learn and
imitate in this
celebration I'm very excited and I have
seen and learned something from India
culture in regard to yoga as effectual
preventive and promotive
system for holistic
health
I think such kind
ofure even has direct impact to change
human
behav find peace Within Myself to just
relax and just meditate and find peace
that is Everlasting you know it's hard
to sometimes you get caught up in doing
things around Dua but I find it um
wonderful that there's an exercise that
you can do um to just free your mind
from All the Troubles that you're going
through uh definitely do yoga it's going
to keep you young and fit and when
you're very old you'll still be strong
and straight wow it is really very very
very nice now such kind of uh activities
you know it's very important that uh
people need to have uh exercise to avoid
U diseases like uh
rheumatism blood
pressure gouts that have many of them
here in in in in our country but it is
just a way that people can can organize
because uh compared to our traditional
dances uh we have many of them that
sometimes if it is transformed it will
be more difficult than what we it is not
a religious function it is a universal
and uh healthy program it is for the
health for all the people it is a
ailment for the so many diseases which
can be hiled by this yoga
[Music]
thank